>> USER: Hi, I am melting 200g of Lurpak and would then like to put that into some food that I can divide into 16 portions. Would then like to be able to freeze these for as long as possible please? Could you suggest some recipes? Maybe different types of recipes, e.g. starters, mains, desserts, snacks etc?

>> ASSISTANT: Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here are some recipe ideas that you can make with melted Lurpak butter and divide into 16 portions to freeze:

1. Garlic and Herb Butter: Melt the Lurpak and mix with garlic and chopped herbs, such as parsley and thyme. Pour the mixture into small silicone ice cube trays and freeze. Once frozen, pop the cubes out and store in a freezer bag. These can be used to top grilled meats or vegetables.

2. Brown Butter Rice Krispie Treats: Melt the Lurpak butter in a large pot and add marshmallows. Once melted, stir in Rice Krispies cereal and pour the mixture into a greased 9x13 inch baking dish. Let cool, cut into 16 pieces, and freeze.

3. Lemon Butter Cookies: Cream melted Lurpak butter with sugar and lemon zest. Add in flour and baking powder and mix until a dough forms. Roll the dough into balls and flatten slightly. Bake for 12-15 minutes at 350°F. Once cooled, divide into 16 portions and freeze.

4. Mushroom and Butter Sauce: Melt the Lurpak butter in a pan and add sliced mushrooms. Cook until the mushrooms are tender and then stir in flour and beef broth. Simmer until the sauce thickens and then season with salt and pepper. Divide into 16 portions and freeze.

5. Spinach and Feta Stuffed Chicken: Melt the Lurpak butter and mix with spinach, feta cheese, and garlic. Cut a slit in each chicken breast and stuff with the mixture. Bake at 375°F for 25-30 minutes or until the chicken is cooked through. Divide into 16 portions and freeze.

These are just a few ideas to get you started, but you can use melted Lurpak butter in many different recipes. Just make sure to store the portions in an airtight container or freezer bag to prevent freezer burn.